1
matheu
Then six days after, Jesus took Pita, James, and John, to the high mountains.
Then Jesus went down, and went down like a sun, and like a flame.
And when Moses and Elijah were talking to Jesus, he said to him,
And he said to Jesus, Lord, I will make three tents: one for you, one for Moses and one for Elijah.
And when he was talking, a young man came to him and said to him, This is my Son, whom I am loving.
And when the disciples saw the sound of the noise, they went on their faces.
And Jesus said to them, Come up, and take no fear.
And when they saw him, the only man who was seen was Jesus.
And when they came down from the mountain, Jesus said to them, Let no man give ear to the signs which you have seen when the Lord has gone from the dead, and let no man give ear to the signs which you have seen when the Lord has gone from the dead.
Then the disciples said to him, Why is the law which Elijah has given to him?
Then Jesus said to him, Is it true that Elijah will come to his end?
And I said to you, that Elijah has come, but the people have no knowledge of him; and they have no knowledge of him.
Then the disciples saw that he was telling them about John the Baptist.
And when Jesus and his disciples came to the people, one of them was kneeling down on him,
And he said to him, O Lord, give ear to my son, because he has no faith in me, because he has no faith in me, because he has no faith in me, because he has no faith in me, because he has no faith in me, because he has no faith in me, because he has no faith in me, because he has no faith in me,
Then I gave him a prayer, but he did not give him a cause.
And Jesus said to him, You have no faith, and you have no knowledge of what to do. How long will I be with you? how long will I be able to give you the boy?
Then Jesus took the demons out of the body, and took them out of the body.
And when the disciples were with him, they said to him, Why have we not taken the demons from the body?
And Jesus said to them, If you have faith in your faith, you will say, If you have faith in your faith, you will say, If you have faith in your faith, you will say, If you have faith in your faith, you will say, If you have faith in your faith, you will say, If you have faith in your faith, you will say, If you have faith in your faith, you will say, If you have faith in your faith, you will say,
And they will not be turned away from their body, and they will not be turned away from their prayer.
And when they went into Galilee, Jesus said to them, Somebody will give a man's child to a man.
Then they will put him to death, and they will put him to death. But the disciples will not be happy.
And when Jesus and his disciples came to the house of the Lord, they came to him, saying, Why have you not given the tax for the house of the Lord?
And they said to him, What are you saying, Simon? What are you saying to the kings of the world? What are you saying to the kings of the world?
And he said to him, This is what they have to do. And he said to him, This is what they have to do.
But let them not be turned away from the sea, and let them be turned away from the sea, and let them be turned away from the sea, and let them be turned away from the sea, and let them be turned away from the sea, and let them be turned away from the sea, and let them be turned away from the sea, and let them be turned away from the sea.
